These are the students' dorm records
you asked for.
GYE BUN-OK
HOSU UNIVERSITY TELEPHONE OPERATOR
She's a telephone operator?
She's perfect for watching the hostages.
They're just 34 people.
I can watch them by myself. Why--
You need you to keep an eye on Soo-ho.
Leave it to me
if you need to get rid of Lim Soo-ho.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
That's not what I meant.
I was given a secret order.
To keep a close watch on him
and kill him without mercy
if I sense any change in his ideology.
Kill him without mercy?
Not just observe each other's ideology?
She said Lim Soo-ho
could commit treason any moment.
Who said that?
The Ministry of State Security,
Deputy Director Choi Su-ryeon.
Deputy Director Choi did?
And he seems to know
I'm allowed to kill him.
Despite knowing that, he still
sticks up for Yeong-ro in front of me.
I understand.
Go bring her to me for now.
Choi Su-ryeon…
She's not even in charge of Soo-ho. Why?
DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF KOREA
Moran Hill 1's cover has been blown.
Action needed for security.
If we want Moran Hill 1's cover
to stay hidden,
we must kill all of the hostages.
But the South won't let it slide.
The deal is to let the hostages live
in return for 300 million dollars.
Since when did we
only do as agreed with the South?
Besides, the South's goal is
to win the election,
not to save the hostages' lives.
Because of your son,
I reported to the party that
you were not fit to make a wise decision.
What?
Until the presidential election is over,
I'm the director
of the United Front Department!
I make decisions--
The socialism in Eastern Europe
is in crisis.
If this deal goes wrong, our party
will also face a crisis. You know that.
You'll remain as director
of the UFD until the election is over.
But I'll make all operational decisions.
That's the party's decision.
Do you understand?
You…
Don't worry about your son.
If he sacrifices his life for the country,
he'll be titled a Hero of the Republic.
And if that happens,
you'll be acquitted
of failing this mission.
Aren't you happy?
SERVE THE COUNTRY FOR THE PEOPLE!
I should be happy
to be acquitted
thanks to my child's sacrifice?
If one of our spies in the dorm
were your son,
would you have made the same decision?
Of course.
As a revolutionary warrior
of our dignified independent country,
that's the most honorable death
anyone could ask for.
Send Taedong River 1 a message.
To protect Moran Hill 1's identity,
the day before the presidential election,
he is to kill all of the hostages.
Right away, Comrade Deputy Director.